If you want your man to spoil you and
invest in you, you need to first of all
take care of yourself and bring yourself
and your life to a level where he needs
to reach you. He needs to come into your
life and think, "Wow, she's already so
self-sufficient emotionally, physically,
financially. I want to talk that I want
to provide more. I want to give her
more." You never want to be in a
situation where you're dependent on a
man emotionally, financially,
physically. You want to be so
self-sufficient by yourself that he
comes into your life and all he wants to
do as a healthy masculine man is to top
that up, to provide you something better
than you can provide yourself. What you
can do to inspire him to actually invest
in you is to give him hints. Plant some
seeds in his mind. Wow, do you see these
flowers there? They look so beautiful.
They would fit so well into my home. You
see a nice bag and you say, "Wow, this
bag looks so great. It fits perfectly to
my outfit." You feel so good when he's
taking care of you. You are appreciating
that he's opening the door for you.
Start with very small things and
appreciate those small things. He's
opening the door. Thank you, baby. Thank
you so much. He's bringing you flowers.
Wow, I love those flowers. M. and they
smell so good. I love the restaurant you
chose for us to eat that. Can you order
something for me from the menu? You let
him lead. You give him the hints and you
appreciate when he does. That's the key.
And a no no is demanding from a man. You
can never ever demand from him to do
something because that will never make
him want to provide for you unless he
wants to cover his own insecurity. But
you don't want to be with an insecure
man. A secure, healthy, masculine man
does not want to be commanded or
demanded for anything. He wants to be
inspired by your feminine energy to step
up and to take care of you. That's his
natural response to feminine energy. He
naturally wants to protect, provide,
take care of you, and make sure that you
are happy. And if he doesn't, dump this